-->
 Professor | MEIC Laboratory 
 top of page 
 RESEARCH 
 Overview 
 Neural Rendering & Spatial AI Group 
 PDI & Multimodal AI Group 
 PIA & Embodied AI Group 
 PEOPLE 
 Professor 
 Members 
 PROJECT 
 PUBLICATION 
 Journal 
 Intl. Conference 
 Korean Conference 
 Patents 
 Awards 
 NEWS 
 GALLERY 
 CONTACT 
 SPIN-OFF COMPANY 
 MEIC AI 
 Jongseong Brad Choi, Ph.D 
 Assistant Professor 
 Department of Mechanical Engineering 
 The State University of New York 
 SUNY Korea 
 Stony Brook University 
 jongseong.choi@stonybrook.edu 
 Download CV 
 Google Scholar Profile 
 About  
 Prof. Choi is an assistant professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering (ME) at the State University of New York, Korea (SUNY Korea) and an affiliated faculty of ME at Stony Brook University since 2020. He received his PhD from ME at Purdue University, where he invented and redirected multiple visual analytics algorithms for various engineering applications and holds an M.S. and B.S. in ME from the University of Mississippi. His principal research focus is to exploit Engineering-Soft-Power (e.g., Computer Vision, Visual Analytics, Metaverse, Digital Twin) as a tool to develop techniques such as 1) Remote sensing through human-machine collaboration via metaverse; 2) Computer vision-based structural defect detection and safety diagnosis; 3) Autonomous driving of sensing platforms; 4) Homogeneous/heterogeneous vision sensing and 3D object recognition. Since 2017, Dr. Choi has made significant progress in the visual analytics field with multiple pioneering research projects supported by NSF (National Science Foundation), NASA, and EU (European Union), NRF (National Science Foundation of Korea), and more. To date, he has published over 30 journal and conference papers, with a major focus on visual analytics and remote sensing. Also, he is a board committee position in the Korean Society of Mechanical Engineers (KSME) – Division of Reliability Engineering and Korean Society of Prognostics and Health Management (KSPHM) while he is directing MEIC lab (Mechanical Systems with Intelligence and Computer Vision) currently with 8 graduate students. 
 Research Interest 
 Visual Intelligence; Neural Rendering; Robot Vision; Remote Sensing; Machine Learning; Multiview Geometry; PHM; SHM; TeleOperation 
 Education and Employment History 
 2020 - present
Assistant Professor 
 2026 - present
Secondary Appointment, 
 2020 - present
Affiliated Faculty 
 Mechanical Engineering
The State University of New York,
SUNY Korea, South Korea 
 Computer Science
The State University of New York,
SUNY Korea, South Korea 
 Mechanical Engineering
The State University of New York,
Stony Brook University, United States 
 2014 - 2020
Doctoral Degree 
 Mechanical Engineering,  
 Herrick Lab. IISL Lab.
Purdue University, United States 
 2012 - 2014
Master's Degree 
 Mechanical Engineering
The University of Mississippi, United States 
 2012
Bachelor's Degree 
 Mechanical Engineering
The University of Mississippi, United States 
 Mechanical Systems with Intelligence and Computer Vision Lab  
 MEICLab in 2021 | Designed by Sooyeun Yang & Hajun Jang 
 bottom of page